Role- I am Cloud Devops solution architecht. I am leading the devops team for application technology in merck. My team strength is os 9 people. I design & implement solutions for cloud applications involving cloud infra, network, CI/CD etc. I am also involved in designing & implementation of alert & monitoring solutions, security, compliance, DR etc. I participate in requirment gathering, architectural discussions, estimataion, planning, implementation of solutions and also in analyzing and fixing production issues. We follow agile process, use kanban for tasks tracking and assignments. I delegate tasks within my team based on categories. I train my team members in various tech stacks. 
 My experience working with a diverse group of people with unique skills and abilities has allowed me to understand that I may require to shift and adjust my role according to the project. In my previous role as a tech project manager, I have lead a team of 30-35 members also.

Mistake ->how do you fix a mistake - When I make a mistake, I immediately communicate it, assess the impact and create a plan to rectify it. Example- when we were fixing log4j vulnerability on urgent basis, some libraries were missed, so we first did impact analysis, we sent communication about the impact,we requested for downtime and we fixed it on urgent basis in very short span of time.

Success ->successes that make you proud- time saving & cost saving, example, we were to support gitlab platform and it was unstable due to poor design and not scalable solution. We redesigned using new infra but migration was a pain. We asked for gitlab service team help but they asked for a billing of $150k. The budget didn't allow it and we designed our own solution for migration and we were able to do the same by ourselves in less time only. So this was a good cost saving done by us and my team got starlight award also for this achievement. another example is we implemented log rotation to reduce the disk usage, it saved around $300 monthly billing cost. 

Conflicts->How do you resolve workplace conflicts?-I believe it is essential to resolve all conflicts with coworkers as soon as possible without involving the upper management or other individuals. Conflicts become harder to resolve if they persist for long periods. However, most conflicts occur because of miscommunication, so I schedule a meeting with the relevant individuals and allow everyone to express their views. This allows us to resolve the conflict effectively

idea resist-> team or management doesn't accept the idea- back my idea by data and look for alternate & better solution. Implementing new ideas can sometimes be challenging, especially when it causes significant changes to the team's work process. To avoid challenges and reduce risks, I provide all the evidence available to support my belief that the idea would be beneficial. If my team continues to resist the idea, I typically ask them for any alternative ideas they can offer. Otherwise, I try to gather more resources to gain their support."

Motivation- What motivates you at work-> as part of devops team we work with teams from different domain and technology. It gives us ample of scope for learning new things. so challenges and learning opportunities motivates me lot.

Change- why do you want to chnage- one reason is I have learnt most of the things here in Merck so I think change will provide me new learnings and new challenges.

long-term career goals- technology has a limit to grow and at some point you will hit the roof. So I want to gather and grow people skills. So, the people skill combined with tech skills can give me opportunity to grow as a leader and I would like to gather a position where I work on company goals and strategies.

->How do you introduce new concepts to your team?
Ans:  I will 
Explain the value of your idea.
Explain how each person can help with your idea.
Ensure that people ask questions so that they can resolve their doubts about your idea.
Ask for comments, suggestions, and feedback.
Search for a passionate candidate who has the same enthusiasm as you.

Have you ever disagreed with coworkers or management? 
Ans: Yes, but we eventually came up with a plan and collaborated. People working together, I feel, will differ at times, but as long as you agree at some point, there will be no problem.

strength and weaknesses - 
My strength is that I am adaptable to new things and I have zeal for new learnings. I am adaptable to new technology, new working environments. I am also self-motivated, flexible, and self-disciplined. 
My weakness is I find difficult to say No. As a result, I do overcommit sometimes. I take more on my plate than my capacity. Other weakness is overthinking, I get annoyed by unfinished work. Many times, you don't get a solution immediately and it takes time in finding the right solution but I start doing overthinking until I get the solution.

How do you prioritize work for your team and yourself?
Ans: We follow the agile prcess with 2 week sprints. We reserve 50% capacity for planned activities and 50% for adhoc tasks. For planned activities, we discuss the backlog and take the planned tasks for the sprint. We follow kanban for tracking the tasks progress, team velocity etc. For adhoc, we deicde mostly in scrum call and some tasks we decide on pririty basis as and when they come. I regularly discuss priorities with my team to ensure that everyone understands the goal. We use jira for task management, create a worklist for each team member.
Determine which tasks are critical and schedule them accordingly.When assigning responsibilities, set a realistic time frame and be flexible

What does Success mean to you? - real success is when the end user gets satisfied and when they appreciate our hard work and quality.

question for us- what does it require for one to succeed in this position?