Mistake ->how do you fix a mistake - When I make a mistake, I immediately communicate it, assess the impact and create a plan to rectify it. Example- when we were fixing log4j vulnerability on urgent basis, some libraries were missed, so we first did impact analysis, we sent communication about the impact,we requested for downtime and we fixed it on urgent basis in very short span of time.

Success ->successes that make you proud- time saving & cost saving, example, we were to support gitlab platform and it was unstable due to poor design and not scalable solution. We redesigned using new infra but migration was a pain. We asked for gitlab service team help but they asked for a billing of $150k. The budget didn't allow it and we designed our own solution for migration and we were able to do the same by ourselves in less time only. So this was a good cost saving done by us and my team got starlight award also for this achievement. another example is we implemented log rotation to reduce the disk usage, it saved around $300 monthly billing cost. 

Conflicts->How do you resolve workplace conflicts?-I believe it is essential to resolve all conflicts with coworkers as soon as possible without involving the upper management or other individuals. Conflicts become harder to resolve if they persist for long periods. However, most conflicts occur because of miscommunication, so I schedule a meeting with the relevant individuals and allow everyone to express their views. This allows us to resolve the conflict effectively

idea resist-> team or management doesn't accept the idea- back my idea by data and look for alternate & better solution. Implementing new ideas can sometimes be challenging, especially when it causes significant changes to the team's work process. To avoid challenges and reduce risks, I provide all the evidence available to support my belief that the idea would be beneficial. If my team continues to resist the idea, I typically ask them for any alternative ideas they can offer. Otherwise, I try to gather more resources to gain their support."
